{{subst:AfC submission/draftnew}}
{{short description|Egyptian software engineer}}
{{BLP sources|date=June 2026}}

'''Michael Samuel Naeem''' is an Egyptian software engineer and mobile
application developer based in Cairo. He has worked on Android applications,
Kotlin and Jetpack Compose software, React and TypeScript interfaces, electric
vehicle charging software, and developer tooling.

== Career ==

Naeem has described his work as including Android application development,
mobile architecture, OCPP and electric vehicle charging systems, AI automation,
and engineering leadership.<ref name="portfolio">{{cite web |title=Michael Samuel Naeem portfolio |url=https://michaelsam94.com/ |website=Michael Samuel Naeem |access-date=15 June 2026}}</ref>

He has published Android applications under the developer name MichaelSam94 on
Google Play.<ref name="googleplay">{{cite web |title=MichaelSam94 apps on Google Play |url=https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=MichaelSam94 |website=Google Play |access-date=15 June 2026}}</ref>
He has also published developer tools and extensions under the MichaelSam94 name
on software marketplaces.<ref name="vscode">{{cite web |title=MichaelSam94 publisher profile |url=https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/publishers/MichaelSam94 |website=Visual Studio Marketplace |access-date=15 June 2026}}</ref>

== Public work ==

Naeem maintains public software projects on GitHub under the username
MichaelSam94.<ref name="github">{{cite web |title=MichaelSam94 GitHub profile |url=https://github.com/michaelsam94 |website=GitHub |access-date=15 June 2026}}</ref>

== Notes for reviewers ==

This draft is not ready for submission until significant independent secondary
coverage is added. The references above are mainly primary or directory-style
sources and can verify basic facts, but they are not enough by themselves to
establish notability under Wikipedia's biography guidelines.

== References ==

{{reflist}}
